Add link to Kubernetes Release Calendar for burndown meetings (#772)
kubernetes/sig-release: releases/release-1.16/README.md

burn that list down.  SIG representatives will be asked to attend if their SIG has
specific outstanding issues that are blocking the release.

> Please subscribe to [Kubernetes Release Calendar] for joining this Meeting, it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please subscribe to the [Kubernetes Release Calendar][kubernetes-release-calendar] to see meeting events. Burndown meetings
```
